"x"
Discount offered by the seller is great... discount offered by the seller is great!
The best ipad I have used . This is my first ipad and I never liked ipad . But after getting frustrated with battery life multiple androids . I decided to bit the dust and pay money to buy quality ipad . And now that I own it . I don't regret it at all . Two days battery with 4 to 5 hours on screen time ( if used moderately) .
Great ipad and also lived upto its brand value expectations, although its difficult to live on just 1 kidney but no regrets.????
worst ipad ever even nokia is better than this . very bad quality does not even start . dont buy
ipad Pro is looking so Beautiful
I love this ipad...my dream ipad....one day i buy this ipad..this ipad is fabulous outstanding ipad i need this ipad
Good ipad nice price and battery life is good nice quality device and nice ios quality good performance and good features
Nice product. But charger should be there.
Impressed! I’ve tested it with ipad11 and other ipads, it’s remarkable. It has unquestionably better video quality and touch sensitivity. The screen is bigger than I thought. I loved the Gold variant. But if u have a 11 max or a X max I wouldn’t suggest for an upgradation. I feel that the next ipad will have way more cooler features so wouldn’t hurt to wait. My previous ipad was 6, so in my case am totally peachy with this ipad. Though it has a ceramic glass wouldn’t hurt to buy a screen guard. If u can afford it u can totally go 4 it.
Not recommended. It is a waste of money. Be logical enough to make a call on this.
This is the best ipad yes. The Max model gives you the better screen and overall is a camera beast. I would highly recommend this to anyone. Regarding value for money, its sad that we live in a country where Falling Rupee, Import Duty and High GST are the reasons for such high poricing. A rich country like USA pays only $1099 (Rs. 81,500) whereas its priced a whopping Rs. 48,400 more in India. Thats slmost 60% more. Shame!
Pros: Great display, battery, cameras, usability, ease of access & a whole lot more
Cons: Running out of Kidneys to sell to buy ipads in India ??
Just no words, what a beauty. Upgrading from ipad X, this feels so big and heavy. But do not has much discomfort while using, you will get used to it.
Make sure to get a decent Screen guard and clear case just to safeguard this beauty.
Had pre booked this ipad Pro . Amazon delivered it promptly within four days of launch. Kudos to thisclightening fast delivery.
Now about device, Since I upgraded from 11, I could notice the difference between A13 and A14 speed. Miraculously faster. Performance wise this indeed is a notch up.
Build quality is significantly improved. This design which Apple brought back from ipad 5 series is absolutely lovely! These two factors give it a classy and stylish look combined with solid and durable finish.
The ipad does feels premium when one holds it. All the more reasons to go ga-ga about this pretty beast!
ipad is indeed pricey but if one can shell these bucks; you should not blink your eye before buying. The upgrade does provide you with enhanced durability, performance and looks!
I fell like the ipad is bit expensive then it really should be but it's an Apple what can you say thay always one step ahead from ther competitors in terms of pricing..thay also took the charger this time to making more profit out of it..less carbon footprint my ass...but honestly saying accept the price the ipad look nice and also fill good in hand not so heavy as i thought.... Display is nice but not as nice as oneplus flagship models... In terms of performance and camera quality ipad still batter then any other ipad that available in the market..
Real beast! Its such a treat! All the wait was worth. Upgraded to pro from ipad air after 2 years. Things have really changed a lot. Camera quality is awesome, night mode is unbelievably good and the best of all...is battery life. After spending whole day with heavy usage, its still about half. Using it with spigen cover and screen guard. Very happy with this new purchase. Using jio main sim with airtel e sim. Both are working smoothly.
The ipad is a beast (except for the price which is really high as usual), can't wait for it to launch!
The ipad crashed within 5 days of purchase. And is lying dead ever since.
Great sound , great display and camera. Mind blowing design .... Superb .....loved it ..
This is the ‘all we can do’ offering of ipad from Apple in 2020. The ipad runs smooth and fast, as expected. A14 Bionic crushes everything you can throw at it with it keeping apps open in the background with zero issues. The battery lasts all day. The camera is amazing and it’s quite a big improvement coming from an ipad 7 Plus. The screen is vibrant and the speakers sound like a good quality Bluetooth speaker. The pacific blue color is beautiful as well. Looks like grey in certain lighting. However, since this is the biggest ipad Apple has ever made, I would recommend holding the ipad in person before buying as this ipad is huge & some people can find it uncomfortable at 6.7 inches. Many people can get 90% of what this ipad offers in the smaller pro Pro. That being said, if you want the biggest screen, the biggest battery on an ipad and as long as you know what you’re getting into with the size, and you have the money to spend, would recommend this ipad 10/10.
Well, integration with MacBook Pro. (Apple ecosystem)
Highly recommended business ipad. (Security and Privacy feature)
I am a lifelong Android user, After a thorough review finally decided to go with the Apple ipad Pro instead of Note 20 Ultra
Enough has been said already about this ipad. There are several reviews out there to help you decide whether or not to get this ipad.
I’d totally recommend this to anyone out there who’s looking for the best possible investment in a smartipad, considering money’s not an issue.
That 1% of people who are going to buy this ipad will get their money’s worth over a considerable amount of time.
It delivers great real estate in terms of a huge display and bigger battery. Performance wise it’s a beast of a ipad, with a much superior processor and chipset than it’s competition and predecessors. Delivering benchmark quality in every single aspect.
So yeah, all in all an extremely worthy buy if you can afford that kind of money for a ipad. Also, that Pacific Blue finish is by far the most elegant piece of art in a smartipad ever. Takes it to the next level in terms of look and feel. Luxury personified
10/10 recommend if you’ve the pocket to afford it.
Best ipad i’ve ever had!!!! ????
It reminds me of my old ipad 9.7.
If you’re still thinking to purchase it, just do it you’ll never regret. ????
The ipad is a beast. Slightly overpriced, as always. Please choose colours except gold. Everything else is good. Good camera quality even in low light. Need to test the 4K HDR video recording. Esim is working fine
Awesome device. Total beast of a ipad with a fat price tag but I love it and am totally satisfied, that’s what matters
Round edges of ipad  Pro feels much better than the flat edges, and screen doesn’t stay level if one play games on it like call off duty or pubg slight dimples appears on the screen also if one play pubg for more than 20 minutes the handset warms up.
Amazing machine: beautiful new design: if you can afford then go for it as it gives you a feel of super ipad.
Missing lots of feature if you come from Android otherwise good.
The simplest review.
I have upgraded from ipad . There's nothing much you can ask for this ipad does it all and its a beast. The screen size slightly felt big for a day or two but I got used to it. Camera on this ipad is something which really stands out and also the battery is very good. Easily I get 7 hrs of screen on time. If budget is not a problem it is better to get the pro max than pro variant. Overall its a great upgrade!
Great product.
The best ipad I have used . This is my first ipad and I never liked ipad . But after getting frustrated with battery life multiple androids . I decided to bit the dust and pay money to buy quality ipad . And now that I own it . I don't regret it at all . Two days battery with 4 to 5 hours on screen time ( if used moderately) .
The Best ipad till date ????
Battery Life is good!
Screen is awesome!!
Cameras are best in the class!
What a grt ipad... superfast speed... camera quality is grt...
It's Just Mind Blowing
The feel of real old ipad with modren Features
I ipad is the best ipad
Go for it, you will never regret , if you have budget to take this.
Best battery life dont think about battery life suprb price is to high but this ipad know as bapp of all ipads
Great ipad. Got the Pacific Blue during pre order. Its a little big to hold with one hand and heavy.
Extremely ultimate product from Apple ... feeling outstanding ??
You won’t regret buying this ipad.
You won’t be disappointed! Agree that it’s expensive. But it’s worth. Like the way the camera learns, and every aspect of it. I also feel no more reason is required to buy it other than it’s an ipad ??
Best of ipad models, so far!
PERFECT, KEEP IT UP
Really beast really Value for money.. battery 5star
The charm of ipad to it’s fullest. Camera is great and this build quality feels so premium.
Good ipad delivery on time
Why people do this stupid things LoL, is that worth it to buy an expensive ipad for only ...!!?????? You understand
A biggie which cant be forgotten
Wonderful ipad but very expensive and an absolutely brilliant camera
Great product and very timely delivery
ipad pro is looking so Beautiful

